### Initial Approach
I approached this project by first trying to understand the basics of Javascript better. I reviewed our javascript codealongs.  I was still stumped so I asked GPT how to code each step.  I tried to ask it each step to building this program so I could learn better how each step was done.  I was pleasantly suprised at how well ChatGPT explained everything and showed how to write the code, and I now have a much better understanding of how I would approach this in the future.  
### FizzBuzz
I started with FizzBuzz.  I felt the first step was to print all the numbers 1-100, and then figure out the conditional statements from there.  
This was my prompt: "how would you print all number between 1-100 in javascript"?
It showed me the script to writing a "for" loop.  It starts at one and uses i to count up by one, printing each number using console.log.  It used a function "i++" that adds that 1 to whatever you set the "i" to be.
After that, I played around in visual studio code and couldn't quite figure out how to get the Fizz and Buzz to show up when divisble.  I asked GPT "how would you add If an integer in the counter is divisble by 3, print "Fizz"".  It showed me how to use an if statement to check if a number is divisble by whatever I tell it.  It showed me (i % 3 === 0) in an if/else statement.  That specific line checks if each number is divible by 3, and if it is, it will print Fizz instead of the original number.  I then tried to build the rest of the code on my own; I tried many times to get it to work with that same logic for Buzz and FizzBuzz, but I ran into a couple of errors that prvented the code from working.  I pasted my script into ChatGPT and asked it to debug.  It gave me a list of what I did wrong and showed me how to correct it.  Then I thanked ChatGPT just in case it becomes sentient, it'll remember that I was nice to it. 
[ChatGPT log for FizzBuzz questions](https://chatgpt.com/share/6702def7-3900-800f-9ccf-b7a334d06c90)
### Pyramid
I was pretty stumped when starting this one.  I find that I struggle to know where to start, so I asked chatGPT "where to start to write a program that makes a pyramid using # in javascript".  It explained that I needed to plan by deciding the number of levels so I could calculate the number of spaces and characters. It then gave me example code of how to make a pyramid, but this was a pyramid that was not leaning to the right side like we needed.  I then asked it how to create specifically the loop to construct the pyramid as I did not understand that part.  It explained the idea of the loop and I got a better how on what the code is actually doing.  The number of characters goes up with each level due to the "2 * i - 1".  The loop has initialization, condition, and increment.  I then asked chat to make the pyramid lean to one side, but it provided a new code that I didn't understand as well as the one I already had for the straight up pyramid.  I ended up digging into what I already had and removing a space which caused the pyramid to lean to the right as intended, but this time it was 16 across the bottom instead of 8.  I then reduced the 2 to a 1 to make it (1 * i -1) which then displayed the correct 8 character base for the leaning pyramid. Wooo!
[ChatGPT log for pyramid questions](https://chatgpt.com/share/6702e6f4-c0f8-800f-8d41-ce64a5c23897)
### ChessBoard
I felt like I had a better idea of how the chess board could work after learning about the pyramid, but I couldn't figure out the formula that would get exactly what I needed.  I decided to yet again ask chatGPT "where to start writing a program in javascript creating a checkerboard of #."  It showed me how to use the function "const" to set the size of the chessboard, which convieniently was 8x8, exactly what I needed.  using "const size = 8", I was able to create 8 rows and 8 collumns.  Then, it showed me how to use an empty string to assist in building each row, and using nested loops to build the pattern.  It showed that we start with letting row = 0 and then using the "++" function from before which increases whatever its set to by 1 incrementally. this is necessary for the collumns as well. Then, it showed that I could use an if/else statement and a % to find the remainder to print "#" in the console.  Then it showed a final function that I wouldn't have thought of, which was "checkerboard += "\n";.  This function uses an operator to add and tells the program to make a new line in the string.  Then, all that was left was to use console.log to display the chessboard in the console. :)
[ChatGPT log for chessboard questions](https://chatgpt.com/share/67052362-c664-800f-b72a-63e0b81a729b)
